aws-google-auth: add page (#3287)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/aws-google-auth.md

# aws-google-auth

> > A command-line tool allows you to acquire AWS temporary (STS) credentials using Google Apps as a federated (Single Sign-On, or SSO) provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Command line tool to acquire AWS temporary (STS) credentials using Google Apps as a federated (Single Sign-On) provider.
```

Let's simplify this, shall we?

> More information: <https://github.com/cevoaustralia/aws-google-auth>.

> - Login with Google SSO:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Login with Google SSO using the IDP and SP identifiers and set the credentials duration to one hour:
```
Let's expand here and explain what the arguments are.

> `aws-google-auth -u example@example.com -I $GOOGLE_IDP_ID -S $GOOGLE_SP_ID -d 3600`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`aws-google-auth -u {{example@example.com}} -I {{$GOOGLE_IDP_ID}} -S {{$GOOGLE_SP_ID}} -d {{3600}}`
```
Wrap user tokens in curly braces.

> - Ask, which role to use (in case you have several SAML roles):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Login [a]sking which role to use (in case of several available SAML roles):
```
Little bit clearer.

Reviewer 2: I haven't seen the `[a]sking` syntax in other pages? Seems fine to me though.

Reviewer: I've seen it often enough:

	$ grep -r '\w\+\?\[.\]\w\+' pages

	pages/linux/xsel.md:- Use a command's output as input of the clip[b]oard (equivalent to `Ctrl + C`):
	pages/linux/pwgen.md:- Generate random password with s[y]mbols:
	pages/linux/isoinfo.md:- E[x]tract a specific file from an ISO image and send it out `stdout`:
	pages/common/perl.md:- Loo[p] over all lines of a file, editing them [i]n-place using a find/replace [e]xpression:
	pages/common/chmod.md:- Give the [u]ser who owns a file the right to e[x]ecute it:

Reviewer 2: Ah, cool. No need to worry then :P

> `aws-google-auth -u example@example.com -I $GOOGLE_IDP_ID -S $GOOGLE_SP_ID -d 3600 -a`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`aws-google-auth -u {{example@example.com}} -I {{$GOOGLE_IDP_ID}} -S {{$GOOGLE_SP_ID}} -d {{3600}} -a`
```
Wrap user tokens in curly braces.

- Resolve aliases for AWS accounts:

> `aws-google-auth -u example@example.com -I $GOOGLE_IDP_ID -S $GOOGLE_SP_ID -d 3600 -a --resolve-aliases`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`aws-google-auth -u {{example@example.com}} -I {{$GOOGLE_IDP_ID}} -S {{$GOOGLE_SP_ID}} -d {{3600}} -a --resolve-aliases`
```
Wrap user tokens in curly braces.
